well let's now take you to a live press
conference that we are hearing from Khan
yunes that's in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip you're listening now to
representatives from the it's an
independent commission for human rights
I'll get you the name of that
organization presently but let's listen
in and to terrorize
people to cause as much unfairness and
torture
to
civilians part or totally this is the
second item that
says and explains actions that can be
considered
genocide these three things mentioned in
the second item is quite clear and is
definitely apply to what's going on here
and what has been done by the occupation
against the Palestinians in Gaza we urge
everyone to call these crimes the right
names Collective crimes they are
collective crimes and we urge the
national Community to respect the pal
the rights of the Palestinians and
to depend on the agreement of stopping
genocide
responsibilities we say that in addition
to the responsibility of the occupation
forces
we see that the United States of America
is to be fully responsible not only by
giving a red light to the occupation but
this direct
responsibility is based on being partner
in the decision maker and we all know
that the US defense
secretary and the uh US Secretary of
State
have played their part and their role in
the Council of War
meetings and they were playing and
acting and supporting actions on the
ground and we all know the centers of
weapons given to Israel and we all know
the security control practiced and the
Marine forces of the United States of
America have moved to the to the area in
addition to that the US as a us has
veted any decision against the victims
of this Geno side we are directly
talking to the American people and we
say clearly we as a human right
Independent
Community we carry the category a and we
tell you that your president and your
army are taking part in these
genocides in
Gaza another important matter which is
the goals according to what have been
documented by us and our field
follow-ups we have seen that there are
announced goals but the real goal is
different we need to concentrate on
these goals first of all the collective
punishment and killing
and the big numbers the massive numbers
of motives and of wounded people is a
clear indication also the massive
destruction is another clear indication
they have destroyed us and this is
another evidence to say that this is one
of the main goals and other thing we
have documented that the arrogance of
the occupation the they behave in a very
arrogant way against our victims they
behave in an arrogant way against our
Palestinian people they are very
arrogant and they want to say that we
are the able and we are the capable to
do anything in Gaza and then another
goal and I want the mass media Outlet to
concentrate on this we are trying to
prevent what will happen we have seen
people being forced to uh be displaced
and if you seen the bombardment of the
Eastern parts of Khan Unice Khan Unice
now is an operation area and they have
ask the people of the eastern part of
kanun to move to Rafa this is an
indication that the occupation forces
are trying to take the displacement
further to be a sort of immigration
towards the Rafa Crossing we are
now in in in we are now confident that
these are the goals
ofis that's why we urge National
Community to move quickly to stop the
aggression and we urge proor general of
the IC to adopt certain procedures and
by the way he is now in ramala and we
have told him that we will never meet
him in protest of his actions since the
year
2021 he has been appointed as the postal
general of the IC and since that time he
has ignored the Palestinian files we
refuseed to meet him today in rala in a
protest and to show that we don't accept
his acceptance of the Israelis
dictations and uh we
know that he also said some statement
that are not very vital we have refused
to meet him because he did not
issue
well you've been listening there to a
press conference from the Independent
commission for human rights now that's
the national human rights organization
for Palestine they were just speaking
there outside the NASA hospital and Khan
yunice that's in the southern part of
the Gaza Strip they say they're
appealing to the American public to stop
their presid president from being a part
of what they say is an ongoing genocide
in Gaza the commission says that they've
been documenting abuses throughout this
conflict and that they're asking the
international criminal court to live up
to its
obligations